mapper goto 39002

Smiling at you, Cedyca greets you warmly.
Cedyca says, "Hello, Raaigar. My name is Cedyca."

Cedyca says, "I am the leader of the tribal rebellion group."

Cedyca says, "I lead a resistance to stop the wrongdoings of the tribe in the garrison to the north."

Cedyca says, "I will not stop until every last one of them is killed."

Cedyca asks, "Would you like to join my rebellion?"

Cedyca says, "A quick warning, though.  There will be a LOT of tribe member killing."

Cedyca says, "If you are okay with that and are willing to join my cause, simply say: I want to join."

Cedyca smiles at you.

You say 'i want to join'

Cedyca cheers and sings... she is just BURSTING with joy!
Cedyca says, "Excellent! I look forward to having you as part of our rebellion." 

Cedyca says, "For starters, I need to make sure you are up to the task."

Cedyca says, "Head into the garrison and kill..."

Cedyca goes, "Hmmmm."
Cedyca says, "Kill one of the head garrison gateguards in the upper level of the garrison guard tower."

Cedyca says, "If you're able to do this, return to me and say 'dead'."

Cedyca says, "We will then begin with the slaughter."

Cedyca cackles gleefully at you.  Better keep your distance from her. 


** Goal Added : Become famous with the Tairayden rebellion.
   Type 'goals Ookushka' for full details on this goal.

** Task Added : Kill your first tribe member

mapper goto 39010
kill head garrison gateguard
mapper goto 39002

You say 'dead'

Cedyca says, "Good, I see you are up for the task."

Cedyca says, "To become friendly with the rebellion, you simply need to kill any 10 tribe members."

Cedyca says, "Pick any of the tribe members in the garrison and teach them the ultimate lesson."

Cedyca says, "Return to me and say 'friendly' when you've killed 10 of them."

** Task Done  : Return to Cedyca
** Task Added : Become friendly with the resistance clan

kill any 10 tribe members u find

mapper goto 39002

You say 'friendly'

Cedyca exclaims, "Congratulations on becoming friendly with our rebellion!"

Cedyca says, "Your next task, if you so choose to do so, is to become well-known with the rebellion clan."

Cedyca says, "You must now kill 50 tribe members to increase your reputation."

Cedyca says, "Return to me and say 'well-known' when you've killed 50 of them."

** Task Done  : Become friendly with the resistance clan
** Task Added : Become well-known with the resistance clan

kill any 50 tribe members u find

mapper goto 39002

You say 'well-known'

Cedyca exclaims, "Congratulations on becoming well-known with our rebellion!"

Cedyca says, "Your next task, if you so choose to do so, is to become honored with the rebellion clan."

Cedyca says, "You must now kill 100 tribe members to increase your reputation."

Cedyca says, "Return to me and say 'honored' when you've killed 100 of them."

** Task Done  : Become well-known with the resistance clan
** Task Added : Become honored with the resistance clan

kill any 100 tribe members u find

mapper goto 39002

You say 'honored'

Cedyca exclaims, "Congratulations on becoming honored with our rebellion!"

Cedyca says, "Your next task, if you so choose to do so, is to become famous with the rebellion clan."

Cedyca exclaims, "This is the final and most prestigious rank!"

Cedyca says, "You must now kill 500 tribe members to increase your reputation."

Cedyca says, "You can now access the tribal practice grounds, located near the cliff caves."

Cedyca says, "Return to me and say 'famous' when you've killed 500 of them."

** Task Done  : Become honored with the resistance clan
** Task Added : Become famous with the resistance clan

kill any 500 tribe members u find

mapper goto 39002

You say 'famous'

Cedyca exclaims, "Congratulations on becoming famous with our rebellion!"

Cedyca says, "You have reached the highest rank possible in our clan."

Cedyca says, "This is a very big feat in our group."

Cedyca bows before you. 

Cedyca says, "I will announce to the world of your accomplishments here."

Cedyca says, "The rebellion clan appreciates any additional members you are able to kill."

Cedyca says, "Again, thank you, Raaigar! May your adventures be fruitful."

Cedyca says, "Take this gift from the rebellion clan. It's the least we can do."

You receive the highest rank rebellion clan belt from Cedyca.
You receive 20 quest points.

** Task Done  : Become famous with the resistance clan

** Goal Completed: Become famous with the Tairayden rebellion.
INFO: Raaigar has put an end to the Tairayden tribe's reign of terror.